#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --extra=dev --extra=docs--extra=test --extra=jupyter setup.py
#
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiosqlite==0.19.0
    # via ypy-websocket
anyio==4.0.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via cobra
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
cobra==0.26.3
    # via Escher (setup.py)
comm==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
depinfo==1.7.0
    # via cobra
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via cobra
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
future==0.18.3
    # via cobra
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==0.18.0
    # via httpx
httpx==0.25.0
    # via cobra
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-resources==6.0.1
    # via cobra
ipykernel==6.25.2
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.15.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.7.0
    # via Escher (setup.py)
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   Escher (setup.py)
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.19.0
    # via
    #   Escher (setup.py)
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-server==2.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-fileid==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.8.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.6.3
    # via Escher (setup.py)
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.1
    # via
    #   Escher (setup.py)
    #   ipywidgets
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   cobra
    #   pandas
optlang==1.7.0
    # via cobra
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   Escher (setup.py)
    #   cobra
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.12
    # via cobra
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-libsbml==5.20.1
    # via cobra
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.5.2
    # via cobra
rpds-py==0.10.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.17.32
    # via cobra
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via ruamel-yaml
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   optlang
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
swiglpk==5.0.8
    # via
    #   cobra
    #   optlang
sympy==1.12
    # via optlang
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via pydantic
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==3.6.6
    # via ipywidgets
y-py==0.6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
ypy-websocket==0.8.4
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
